Hello everyone, 
I want to share my experience with you which many of you already faced in your life at some point of time. This is nothing but a story of a 18 year immature girl who fall in love with a person.
I was in the last year of my college life and reaally stressed about my future life. It was the 3rd of my immature relationship and madly in love. The best thing about me is that I never mixed my personal and professional life.
i think that's why I am here writting my experience on github rather than crying in a corner. So the guy was totally good at first but as time passed, he started ignoring me.
And the reason was that he wanted to focus on his studies first. I am not the girl who don't give their partners their free space. So I let him do whatever he thought good for him. 
But I never thought the actual reason. He was giving my time to someone else and I always neglected the signs. once I get to know this I was petty pissed off and really depressed for what can I do now.
As I have my final exams and college placements, family pressure to get a job is kinda ruthless. On top of that, this heart-broken incident. I was shattered like hell. I didn't know what should I do to make my family proud while dealing with my personal stuffs.
But I overcome all my fears and I let him live with peace and didn't disturb him again. I got a good placement and after one year, I went for higher studies and currently persuing.
Along with that, I have groomed myself so well that I am quite impressive with my looks and mind. I have learnt many skills other than college life. I can feel me more strong and powerful than I was in those ugly days.
I never wanted to share my story to everyone but now I am overcome of this fear too and here I am sharing this to light my heart and I am quite happy now. 
So, motive of this write-up is that every victory and fall-off is all in our mind. If we will conquer our mind, no one can make us feel useless. We are different in our own, just know your goodness and flaws and conquer the world.
Thank you!
